Add node IP for advertised.listeners (#95)
banzaicloud/koperator-docs: docs/external-listener/index.md

### NodePort external IP

> The node IP of the node where the broker pod is scheduled will be used in the advertise.listeners broker configuration when the `nodePortNodeAddressType` is specified.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The node IP of the node where the broker pod is scheduled will be used in the advertised.listeners broker configuration when the `nodePortNodeAddressType` is specified.  
```

> The node IP of the node where the broker pod is scheduled will be used in the advertized.listeners broker configuration when the `nodePortNodeAddressType` is specified.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The node IP of the node where the broker pod is scheduled will be used in the advertised.listeners broker configuration when the `nodePortNodeAddressType` is specified.  
```

> Its value determine which IP or domain name of the Kubernetes node will be used. It can be: Hostname, ExternalIP, InternalIP, InternalDNS and ExternalDNS.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Its value determines which IP or domain name of the Kubernetes node will be used, the possible values are: Hostname, ExternalIP, InternalIP, InternalDNS and ExternalDNS.  
```

> The hostNameOverride and nodePortExternalIP must be not specified in this case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The hostNameOverride and nodePortExternalIP must not be specified in this case.
```
